Miss Wang, this is my mother.
Hello, Mr. Wang. Hello.
I'm Xiao Han's head teacher
I am
I want to tell you about the child's situation at school
Please come with me.
Mom, Teacher Wang will definitely say that my grades are not good.
Mom will definitely not like me
Dear Han, let me take a look first.
Xiao Han's parents
This is Xiao Han's score for this purpose test.
Take a look.
I know we're busy as parents
But no matter how busy you are
We have to take care of our children.
Mr. Huang, don't worry.
I will discipline the child well.
Teacher teacher
The teacher is not good.
The child and the pig have a fight
Stop hitting, stop hitting, the teacher is here
Stand up for me
Xiao Han, what's going on?
Xiao Han gave us something to eat just now
No talent for pigs
He said his food was poisonous
Said he was a bad boy whose mother would poison him
Don't play with him
One day he knocked over a child's lunch box
So Zhu Youcai got into a fight with him
Mom, I'm not a bad boy.
I know our kids are good kids.
Whoever bothers my house, stand up for me with rape